Mention CSRF in Overseerr docs (#37232)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/overseerr.markdown

## Known limitations

There are a few known limitations for using the integration:
- Overseerr is only capable of having one webhook set up at a time.
This means you can only have 1 Home Assistant instance connected to your Overseerr instance at a time.

> - The integration is not able to function with CSRF protection turned on, make sure that it is turned off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The integration is not able to function with <abbr title="cross-site request forgery">CSRF</abbr> protection turned on. Make sure that it is turned off.
```

> - The integration is not able to function with <abbr title="cross-site request forgery">CSRF</abbr> protection turned on. Make sure that it is turned off.

Reviewer: turned on where? is this a feature of overseer? or of your browser? where do I turn this on/off?

> - The integration is not able to function with <abbr title="cross-site request forgery">CSRF</abbr> protection turned on. Make sure that it is turned off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The integration is not able to function with <abbr title="cross-site request forgery">CSRF</abbr> protection turned on. In Overseer, go to **Settings**, and make sure the **CSRF Protection** is turned off.
```

> - The integration is not able to function with <abbr title="cross-site request forgery">CSRF</abbr> protection turned on. In Overseer, go to **Settings**, and make sure the **CSRF Protection** is turned off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The integration is not able to function with <abbr title="cross-site request forgery">CSRF</abbr> protection turned on. In Overseer, go to **Settings** and turn off the **CSRF Protection**.
```

{% details "Failed to register Overseerr webhook" %}

> Make sure your Overseerr instance is able to reach your Overseerr instance.

Reviewer 2: Does that sentence make sense?

> Make sure your Overseerr instance is able to reach your Overseerr instance.

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure your Overseerr instance is able to reach your Home Assistant instance.
```
